Mention encryption in CC release notes (#24228)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

<<<FILL IN CONTEXT FOR KEY AREA>>>
Example:
> The [configuration cache](userguide/configuration_cache.html) improves build performance by caching the result of
> the configuration phase. Using the configuration cache, Gradle can skip the configuration phase entirely when
> nothing that affects the build configuration has changed.

#### FILL-IN-FEATURE
> HIGHLIGHT the usecase or existing problem the feature solves
> EXPLAIN how the new release addresses that problem or use case
> PROVIDE a screenshot or snippet illustrating the new feature, if applicable
> LINK to the full documentation for more details

================== END TEMPLATE ==========================

==========================================================
ADD RELEASE FEATURES BELOW
vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv -->

### Configuration cache improvements

TODO - Java lambdas are supported, and unsupported captured values are reported.
TODO - File collections queried at configuration time are treated as configuration inputs.
TODO - File system repositories are fully supported including dynamic versions in Maven, Maven local, and Ivy repositories

#### Configuration cache is now encryptable

> The configuration of a build may retain sensitive information, including credentials. This release adds support for encryption of

Reviewer: I think it is nice to add full sentence on a common use case
```suggestion
The configuration of a build may retain sensitive information. This information must remain secure.
For example, login credentials are often part of the build, but we want them to be something other than directly readable in the cache.
This release adds support for encryption of configuration cache state on disk.
```
